netanyahu and its fruits mostly english
he is coming to all of you
friends it's maya pollutants are
today for a new video we
are on Thursday you all know it very
well we are the day of the snap shot
for word jong too or hands leg goes
offer tickets for the maicon
so go ahead go for it
it was tonight at 7 pm video
will come out after I'm sorry it's a
A little late, we're off to discover
together this tablecloth cheick gueye who
announces again the arrival of the wii to
beit what is really really very
promising with all these additions that I
think are going to give you a few small
chills let go we discover that
together and we start the discovery of
this new pilot senna with the addition
two new mob one aggressive the other
name that are totally in the theme of
the horror to announce halloween and
this very special update of
Minecraft
we start right away with the
bats that will come to haunt your
cellar cave and that are quite
harmless and on that side you have
the essential
r with their modified pnj skis which
you agree will be using potions
potion of poison but also of this
lob ease and so on and also
other novelty the change of
textures of this blog that I do not you
presents more called big one in the
last snapshot it will serve you as
power of magic sources in exchange
of ore and so that's the beacon that
changes textures with news
animations for his bright halo as well
that inside you see that the the
cube that sits in the middle and that was spinning
disappeared other modification on a blog
which is all the rage in the maps of
last snapshot order it block one
wonderful tool for all
creators of maps and he suffered some
changes at the level of
commands that are available I you
would put a link in the description I
invite you to click on it if you
want to see what's new or on the
page where everything is summarized here is great
novelty of this new snapshot
adding new sounds there are plenty of
new sounds I'm going it 's all of you
present them in a minimum of time
attention is gone
you
and here are the friends the presentation of
this tablecloth shot is over there was no
not a lot of new stuff but
some interesting novelties
still big changes to
top level in retains and then
also adding two new modes
it's really the main things to
retain from this nation in any case
I hope this presentation you
I will give you an appointment in
a next video do not hesitate to
put a like on this video if you
liked it makes me really happy
add to favorites if you loved
who knows how to comment if you have any
things to tell me and if you have
also things to say to others
people who order this idiot go
I make you big kisses
do not hesitate to subscribe if it is
not yet made an appointment on twitter
and facebook for more information
go ciao ciao kisses